Job Application for Software Engineer, iOS at Figma Back to jobs Software Engineer, iOS San Francisco, CA • New York, NY • United States Apply Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us! The Mobile Product team supports Figma’s powerful companion apps for iOS and Android. We are looking for new team members who value collaboration, usability, and excellence to maintain and build new features for the Figma iOS app. You’ll work closely with your engineering peers to chart out upcoming work and how best to execute on it. You’ll brainstorm with cross-functional partners (design, product, research, data science) to deliver delightful mobile experiences to Figma’s users. We also work with product teams across Figma to identify the most impactful features to bring to mobile and continuously invest in the quality of our mobile apps to make them a joy to use for designers (and everyone else!). This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States. What you’ll do at Figma: Work with PMs, designers, and other engineers to bring Figma’s most popular features to iPhone and iPad Use Apple technologies like Swift, SwiftUI, and UIKit Participate in user research and testing to better understand our customers Share responsibility for testing, releasing, and maintaining our mobile apps Communicate and document architectural designs and requirements Provide thoughtful feedback to others on the team Help interview and recruit more talented engineers to Figma We'd love to hear from you if you have: 4+ years of professional experience building iOS applications An extensive understanding of mobile product development practices Proactive communication skills and a desire to work in a collaborative environment with iOS, Android, and web engineers A pragmatic approach to software development software that delivers real user value through maintainable, performant code A strong product sense and desire to deeply understand users Enthusiasm for mentoring other engineers and helping shape engineering culture While not required, it’s an added plus if you also have: Experience as a tech lead or project lead in delivering mobile first experiences that complement a web-based feature set Familiarity with web development languages and technologies like Typescript, React, Python, Ruby, etc Comfort with doing first draft UI designs in code that use established mobile UI/UX patterns Experience with one or more of the following complementary areas: Android app development Writing and maintaining API endpoints for mobile apps Instrumenting user behavior metrics and creating visualizations to show trends At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles. Pay Transparency Disclosure If based in Figma’s San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below. Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80% and 100% of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental & vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave & reproductive or family planning support, mental health & wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning & development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement. Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles and an annual bonus plan for eligible non-sales roles. Figma’s compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future. Annual Base Salary Range (SF/NY Hub): $149,000 - $350,000 USD At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status , or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-ext@figma.com . These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities. Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to: Holding interviews in an accessible location Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers Changing the mode or format of interviews To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding. By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice . Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Figma? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with Greenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile Other Website Why do you want to join Figma? * Please share 3-4 sentences on why you want to join Figma Pronouns Select... If you'd like to, please let us know your pronouns. Additional Information Add a cover letter or anything else you'd like to share From where do you intend to work? * Please list city and state. (ie: San Francisco, CA) Preferred First Name Are you authorized to work in the country for which you applied? * Select... Have you ever worked for Figma before, as an employee or a contractor/consultant? * Select... LinkedIn Profile Other Website Why do you want to join Figma? * Please share 3-4 sentences on why you want to join Figma Pronouns Select... If you'd like to, please let us know your pronouns. Additional Information Add a cover letter or anything else you'd like to share From where do you intend to work? * Please list city and state. (ie: San Francisco, CA) Preferred First Name Are you authorized to work in the country for which you applied? * Select... Have you ever worked for Figma before, as an employee or a contractor/consultant? * Select... How many years of professional experience do you have in this type of role (excluding internships)? * Select... Have you worked as a full-time software engineer in a professional setting (excluding internships)? * Select... Have you built and maintained user-facing web applications in a professional setting? Select... Which of the following best describes your primary technical expertise? Select... Which programming languages do you regularly use in a professional setting? Select... Voluntary Self-Identification For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. As set forth in Figma’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law. Gender Select... Are you Hispanic/Latino? Select... Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Select... Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Form CC-305 Page 1 of 1 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 04/30/2026 Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years. Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp . How do you know if you have a disability? A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally) Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer (past or present) Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or serious difficulty hearing Diabetes Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders Epilepsy or other seizure disorder Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual or developmental disability Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS) Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities Partial or complete paralysis (any cause) Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema Short stature (dwarfism) Traumatic brain injury Disability Status Select... PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Submit application Powered by Greenhouse Read our Privacy Policy