Job Application for Software Engineer, Build Infrastructure at Vercel Back to jobs Software Engineer, Build Infrastructure Remote - United Kingdom, Germany Apply About Vercel: Vercel gives developers the tools and cloud infrastructure to build, scale, and secure a faster, more personalized web. As the team behind v0, Next.js, and AI SDK, Vercel helps customers like Ramp, Supreme, PayPal, and Under Armour build for the AI-native web. Our mission is to enable the world to ship the best products. That starts with creating a place where everyone can do their best work. Whether you're building on our platform, supporting our customers, or shaping our story: You can just ship things. About the Role: CI/CD is the beating heart of Vercel . Developers & agents alike create over 1 million builds per day on Vercel. Whether they’re previewing a new idea from v0 or shipping the next great thing to production, every customer builds. As a Software Engineer on the CI/CD team, you’re responsible for building the infrastructure that powers all of these builds at scale. You’ll work on refining the reliability of the system, accelerate its performance, and transform how customers interact with builds on Vercel. This role blends product thinking with deep systems work — you'll be building features that serve both internal teams and Vercel's global developer community. We're looking for engineers who are excited to work on high-scale systems, love improving the developer experience, and want to have a direct impact on how software gets shipped on the web. If you’re based within a pre-determined commuting distance of one of our offices (London or Berlin), the role includes in-office anchor days on Monday, Tuesday, and Friday. If you're located beyond that distance in the UK or German, the role is fully remote. For location-specific details, please connect with our recruiting team. What You Will Do: Build & maintain our mission critical build system, and the micro-services which power it. Engage and collaborate with open-source project owners to improve the performance of their frameworks on Vercel. Aligning Vercel's commitment to giving back to the developer community. Participate in an on-call rotation for the Vercel build pipeline. Write clean, efficient, tested, and well-documented code. About You: 6+ years of relevant software engineering experience. Practical experience building, running and debugging distributed systems. Familiarity with containerisation and Linux systems. Strong proficiency at least one of JavaScript/TypeScript/Go . Excellent problem solving and communication skills. An enthusiasm for digging into problems with unknown solutions. Bonus If You: Built and maintained CI/CD systems Have UI / UX / Product engineering experience Benefits: Competitive compensation package, including equity. Inclusive Healthcare Package. Learn and Grow - we provide mentorship and send you to events that help you build your network and skills. Flexible Time Off. We will provide you the gear you need to do your role, and a WFH budget for you to outfit your space as needed. Vercel is committed to fostering and empowering an inclusive community within our organization. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Vercel encourages everyone to apply for our available positions, even if they don't necessarily check every box on the job description. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Vercel? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with Greenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Are you currently based in the UK or Germany? Please note these are the only countries where we are accepting applications * Select... Will you require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future? * Select... Please mark ' YES ' if you will require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Mark ' NO ' if you will NOT require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Your authorization to work in the country where you live. Please choose the option that describes your work authorization. * Select... LinkedIn Profile Twitter Github Website By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel’s Job Applicant Privacy Notice - https://vercel.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice * Select... By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel’s Job Applicant Privacy Notice . Submit application Powered by Greenhouse Read our Privacy Policy