page_title Back to jobs Software Engineer, Growth Hybrid - San Francisco, New York City Apply About Vercel: Vercel gives developers the tools and cloud infrastructure to build, scale, and secure a faster, more personalized web. As the team behind v0, Next.js, and AI SDK, Vercel helps customers like Ramp, Supreme, PayPal, and Under Armour build for the AI-native web. Our mission is to enable the world to ship the best products. That starts with creating a place where everyone can do their best work. Whether you're building on our platform, supporting our customers, or shaping our story: You can just ship things. About the Role: We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our Activation team. In this role, you will drive understanding of our primary user funnels, as well as design, implement, and report on experiments to increase product adoption and user engagement. If you’re based within a pre-determined commuting distance of one of our offices (SF, NY, London, or Berlin), the role includes in-office anchor days on Monday, Tuesday, and Friday. If you're located beyond that distance, the role is fully remote. For location-specific details, please connect with our recruiting team. What You Will Do: Drive understanding of our core user flows Design experiments to drive product adoption and increase hobby to pro conversion rates Investigate causes of user churn and pain and work to address them. About You: You have at least 5+ years of relevant work experience. Strong proficiency in JavaScript/TypeScript/Go and experience with modern frontend development tools. Are comfortable working towards goals known steps to achieve them. Are data driven. Bonus If You: Have experience working on a growth team. Have experience working with experimentation frameworks. Benefits: Competitive compensation package, including equity. Inclusive Healthcare Package. Learn and Grow - we provide mentorship and send you to events that help you build your network and skills. Flexible Time Off. We will provide you the gear you need to do your role, and a WFH budget for you to outfit your space as needed. The San Francisco, CA base pay range for this role is $194,000-$296,000. Actual salary will be based on job-related skills, experience, and location. Compensation outside of San Francisco may be adjusted based on employee location, and the total package includes benefits and equity-based compensation. Your recruiter can share more details during the hiring process. Vercel is committed to fostering and empowering an inclusive community within our organization. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Vercel encourages everyone to apply for our available positions, even if they don't necessarily check every box on the job description. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Vercel? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with Greenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Are you currently based in any of these countries? Please note these are the only countries where we are accepting applications * Select... Will you require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future? * Select... Please mark ' YES ' if you will require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Mark ' NO ' if you will NOT require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Your authorization to work in the country where you live. Please choose the option that describes your work authorization. * Select... Do you live in one of the following states? Alabama, Alaska, Delaware, Kansas, Maine, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, West Virginia, or Wyoming. * Select... Please mark ‘ YES ’ if you currently live in one of these states. If you do NOT currently live in one of these states, mark ‘ NO .’ LinkedIn Profile Twitter Github Website By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel’s Job Applicant Privacy Notice - https://vercel.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice * Select... By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel’s Job Applicant Privacy Notice . Please double-check all the information provided above. Ensuring accuracy is crucial, as any errors or omissions may impact the review of your application. * Select... U.S. Standard Demographic Questions At Vercel, we value belonging and believe in fostering an environment where a diversity of perspectives can thrive. As part of this commitment, we invite you to voluntarily provide demographic information. Your responses will be used (in aggregate only) to help us better understand the diversity of our applicants and identify areas of improvement in our recruitment and hiring process. Your responses, or decision not to respond, will be kept confidential and will only be used in aggregate form for diversity and inclusion efforts. This information will not be associated with your specific application and will not be disclosed to the hiring team or used in the hiring decision in any way. Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Asking the below questions help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. How would you describe your gender identity? (mark all that apply) Select... How would you describe your racial/ethnic background? (mark all that apply) Select... How would you describe your sexual orientation? (mark all that apply) Select... Do you identify as transgender? Select... Do you have a disability or chronic condition (physical, visual, auditory, cognitive, mental, emotional, or other) that substantially limits one or more of your major life activities, including mobility, communication (seeing, hearing, speaking), and learning? Select... Are you a veteran or active member of the United States Armed Forces? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse Read our Privacy Policy