Job Application for Software Engineer, Support Platform at Vercel Back to jobs Software Engineer, Support Platform Hybrid - San Francisco Apply About Vercel: Vercel gives developers the tools and cloud infrastructure to build, scale, and secure a faster, more personalized web. As the team behind v0, Next.js, and AI SDK, Vercel helps customers like Ramp, Supreme, PayPal, and Under Armour build for the AI-native web. Our mission is to enable the world to ship the best products. That starts with creating a place where everyone can do their best work. Whether you're building on our platform, supporting our customers, or shaping our story: You can just ship things. About the Role: We’re looking for a Software Engineer to join our Support Platform team. In this role, you'll work at the intersection of infrastructure, product reliability, and developer experience—ensuring that Vercel’s core platform and services are robust, performant, and scalable. You’ll collaborate with engineering and customer-facing teams to troubleshoot production issues, optimize platform capabilities, and contribute improvements to the underlying code and tooling that power our deployment infrastructure. This role is hybrid includes in-office anchor days on Monday, Tuesday, and Friday at our SF office. For location-specific details, please connect with our recruiting team. What You Will Do: Triage, investigate, and resolve complex issues across Vercel’s infrastructure, CI/CD pipelines, and global edge network. Collaborate with Product, SRE, and Core Infra teams to identify root causes and ship fixes that improve platform stability and developer experience. Build tooling and automation to enhance incident response, observability, and internal debugging workflows. Author internal documentation, runbooks, and postmortems to ensure transparency and continuous learning. Represent the voice of the platform in cross-functional initiatives to improve reliability, latency, and security. About You: Experience as a software or systems engineer supporting production environments. Strong knowledge of modern cloud infrastructure (AWS, GCP, or Azure) and container orchestration (especially Kubernetes). Proficiency in at least one systems or scripting language (Go, Node.js, Python, or similar). Experience with observability tooling (Grafana, Prometheus, OpenTelemetry, etc.). A problem-solving mindset with a passion for understanding how things work under the hood. Excellent communication skills, with an ability to translate technical detail into actionable insight for both engineering and support teams. Bonus If You: Familiarity with Vercel or similar JAMstack/edge platforms. Experience in a high-availability or customer support engineering environment. Contributions to open source or DevOps communities. Benefits: Competitive compensation package, including equity. Inclusive Healthcare Package. Learn and Grow - we provide mentorship and send you to events that help you build your network and skills. Flexible Time Off. We will provide you the gear you need to do your role, and a WFH budget for you to outfit your space as needed. The San Francisco, CA base pay range for this role is $156,000 - $234,000. Actual salary will be based on job-related skills, experience, and location. Compensation outside of San Francisco may be adjusted based on employee location, and the total package includes benefits and equity-based compensation. Your recruiter can share more details during the hiring process. Vercel is committed to fostering and empowering an inclusive community within our organization. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Vercel encourages everyone to apply for our available positions, even if they don't necessarily check every box on the job description. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Vercel? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with Greenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Are you currently based in any of these countries? Please note these are the only countries where we are accepting applications * Select... Will you require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future? * Select... Please mark ' YES ' if you will require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Mark ' NO ' if you will NOT require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Your authorization to work in the country where you live. Please choose the option that describes your work authorization. * Select... Do you live in one of the following states? Alabama, Alaska, Delaware, Kansas, Maine, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, West Virginia, or Wyoming. * Select... Please mark ‘ YES ’ if you currently live in one of these states. If you do NOT currently live in one of these states, mark ‘ NO .’ LinkedIn Profile Twitter Github Website By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel’s Job Applicant Privacy Notice - https://vercel.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice * Select... By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel’s Job Applicant Privacy Notice . Please double-check all the information provided above. Ensuring accuracy is crucial, as any errors or omissions may impact the review of your application. * Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse Read our Privacy Policy