Job Application for Software Engineer, Microfrontends at Vercel Back to jobs Software Engineer, Microfrontends Remote - United Kingdom, Germany Apply About Vercel: Vercel gives developers the tools and cloud infrastructure to build, scale, and secure a faster, more personalized web. As the team behind v0, Next.js, and AI SDK, Vercel helps customers like Ramp, Supreme, PayPal, and Under Armour build for the AI-native web. Our mission is to enable the world to ship the best products. That starts with creating a place where everyone can do their best work. Whether you're building on our platform, supporting our customers, or shaping our story: You can just ship things. About the role: We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our Microfrontends team. In this role, you will create solutions to break apart large applications into smaller ones that function cohesively as a whole. The role will work with multiple frameworks and solve challenges with how code from different applications interact with each other, solving problems such as CSS isolation, sharing data, and performance optimizations. You will play a critical role to improve developer velocity for organizations and make it easier to incrementally migrate to new technologies. If you’re based within a pre-determined commuting distance of one of our offices (SF, NY, London, or Berlin), the role includes in-office anchor days on Monday, Tuesday, and Friday. If you're located beyond that distance, the role is fully remote. For location-specific details, please connect with our recruiting team. What you will do: Improve the developer velocity of web applications by providing solutions to split web applications. Simplify incremental migrations to update to new technology stack by using microfrontends. Work in multiple codebases including Next.js, API services, and the CDN. Engage with customers and the open source community on features and issues. Stay abreast of industry trends in microfrontends. About you: You have at least 5+ years working with web applications including React, React Server Components, and Next.js. You have strong proficiency in JavaScript/TypeScript and experience with modern frontend development tools. You enjoy working as a full stack engineer on multiple parts of the stack. You have worked with microfrontends before, such as Module Federation, Single SPA, or Multi-Zones. Bonus if you: Have experience contributing to, or participating in open source projects. Have worked in an organization that has had to scale to a large number of developers and/or performed large scale web application migration. Have worked to develop a CI/CD platform for other developers to use. Benefits: Competitive compensation package, including equity. Inclusive Healthcare Package. Learn and Grow - we provide mentorship and send you to events that help you build your network and skills. Flexible Time Off. We will provide you the gear you need to do your role, and a WFH budget for you to outfit your space as needed. Vercel is committed to fostering and empowering an inclusive community within our organization. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Vercel encourages everyone to apply for our available positions, even if they don't necessarily check every box on the job description. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Vercel? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with Greenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Are you currently based in any of these countries? Please note these are the only countries where we are accepting applications * Select... Will you require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future? * Select... Please mark ' YES ' if you will require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Mark ' NO ' if you will NOT require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Your authorization to work in the country where you live. Please choose the option that describes your work authorization. * Select... LinkedIn Profile Twitter Github Website By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel’s Job Applicant Privacy Notice - https://vercel.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice * Select... By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel’s Job Applicant Privacy Notice . Please double-check all the information provided above. Ensuring accuracy is crucial, as any errors or omissions may impact the review of your application. * Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse Read our Privacy Policy